doc: Document Flex cluster support in `mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster` resource and data sources (#3070)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: docs/data-sources/flex_clusters.md

`mongodbatlas_flex_clusters` returns all flex clusters in a project.

> **RECOMMENDATION:** We now recommend using the `mongodbatlas_advanced_clusters` data source instead of `mongodbatlas_flex_clusters` data source to retrieve flex clusters. The `mongodbatlas_advanced_clusters` data source not only supports Flex clusters but also supports tenant and dedicated clusters, providing easier transition between different cluster types. For more information, see [Advanced Clusters](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/mongodb/mongodbatlas/latest/docs/data-sources/advanced_clusters) data source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**RECOMMENDATION:** We recommend using the `mongodbatlas_advanced_clusters` data source instead of the `mongodbatlas_flex_clusters` data source to retrieve Flex clusters. The `mongodbatlas_advanced_clusters` data source not only supports Flex clusters, but also supports free and dedicated clusters, providing easier migration between different cluster types. For more information, see the [Advanced Clusters](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/mongodb/mongodbatlas/latest/docs/data-sources/advanced_clusters) data source.
```
